NestJS ORM DB integration (#80)
tl-its-umich-edu/canvas-course-manager-next: README.md

    2. In the "Configuration Type" menu, select "By Client ID".
    3. In the "Client ID" field, paste in the same ID number that was added to `.env` above.
    4. When prompted to verify the ID for the tool, click the "Install" button.

> #### Database Migrations

Reviewer: @pushyamig, I tried to help clarify and format some of this documentation (I hope that's okay). Please also review this section to make sure that indentation is consistent with the rest of the `README.md`. I think we could use unordered bullets here instead, but it's okay this way. I tried to break up longer lines, since that's what we've been doing so far; doing so doesn't have any effect on the rendered Markdown and it makes editing the text easier.

Author: I checked for indentation and it look ok.

> Running migrations using the Umzug. Umzug is a sister library to Sequelize for migration tasks. More info [refer](https://github.com/sequelize/umzug#cli-usage). After creating/modifying model you create a migration file and run migration. Create a model using Sequelize ORM and create/run migration using Umzug CLI. These steps needs to be done by the dev's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database migrations are managed using [`umzug`](https://github.com/sequelize/umzug).
Umzug is a sister library to [`sequelize`](https://sequelize.org/) for migration tasks.
After creating/modifying a model using the Sequelize ORM,
you create a migration file and run the migration using `umzug`.
Developers have to write `up` and `down` migration steps manually.
```

> 1. Running migration `Locally`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Running migrations locally
```

>        1. Running the migrations `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/src/migrator up`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. Run migrations: `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/src/migrator up`
```

>        2. Reverting the migration `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/src/migrator down`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       2. Revert a migration: `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/src/migrator down`.
```

>        3. Create a migration file `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/src/migrator create --name my-migration.ts`. Generate a migration file called `<timestamp>.my-migration.ts` The timestamp prefix can be customized to be date-only or omitted, but be aware that it's strongly recommended to ensure your migrations are lexicographically sortable so it's easy for humans and tools to determine what order they should run in - so the default prefix is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       3. Create a migration file: `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/src/migrator create --name my-migration.ts`.
       This generates a migration file called `<timestamp>.my-migration.ts`. 
       The timestamp prefix can be customized to be date-only or omitted,
       but be aware that it's strongly recommended to ensure your migrations are lexicographically sortable
       so it's easy for humans and tools to determine what order they should run in
       so the default prefix is recommended.
```

Reviewer: We may not need all this commentary. We can just tell people to use the timestamp, since that's the correct practice it seems.

2. Running the migration are usually done when server is starting up, but in addition if you want to run migrations or revert use above commands

> 3. Running migrations `dev/test/prod`

Reviewer: `dev/test/prod` is confusing to me. I think we can just say when using the Docker Compose production workflow or `docker-compose-prod.yml`.

Author: Done

>        1. For running the migrations in in dev/test/prod, `docker exec -it ccm_web_prod node server/migrator up` ; `docker exec -it ccm_web_prod node server/src/migrator down`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. For running the migrations in in dev/test/prod, use `docker exec -it ccm_web_prod node server/src/migrator up`  and `docker exec -it ccm_web_prod node server/src/migrator down`.
```

Reviewer: Node addition of missing `src` in `up` command.

>        2. The reason for separate setup for running migration local and non-prod/prod is Locally we don't transpile Typescript to Java script and so we always use `ts-node/register` module for running in node envirorment.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       2. The reason for the separate setups for running migrations for local/non-prod and prod is, locally, we don't 
       transpile TypeScript to Javascript and so we always use `ts-node/register` module for running in node 
       environment.
```

#### Troubleshooting

1. ***Error:***
   ```txt
   ccm_web     | Error during deployment:  ConnectionRefusedError [SequelizeConnectionRefusedError]: connect ECONNREFUSED 172.18.0.2:3306
   ```

>    This may happen when the application is run for the very first time in Prod only. It appears that during the first run of the app, the DB pod requires time to set up before it's ready.  The web pod is unable to connect to the DB, therefore its server shuts down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This may happen when the application is run for the very first time using `docker-compose-prod.yml` only. It appears that during the first run of the app, the DB pod requires time to set up before it's ready.  The web pod is unable to connect to the DB, therefore its server shuts down.
```

    3. In the "Client ID" field, paste in the same ID number that was added to `.env` above.
    4. When prompted to verify the ID for the tool, click the "Install" button.

> 16. Running migrations using the Umzug. Umzug is a sister library to Sequelize for migration tasks. More info [refer](https://github.com/sequelize/umzug#cli-usage). After creating/modifying model you create a migration file and run migration. Create a model using Sequelize ORM and create/run migration using Umzug CLI. These steps needs to be done by the dev's.

Reviewer: I didn't look at this too carefully yet, I will get to it.

> 16. Running migrations using the Umzug. Umzug is a sister library to Sequelize for migration tasks. More info [refer](https://github.com/sequelize/umzug#cli-usage). After creating/modifying model you create a migration file and run migration. Create a model using Sequelize ORM and create/run migration using Umzug CLI. These steps needs to be done by the dev's.

Author: I created DB migration section.

       2. Reverting the migration `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/migrator down`.
       3. Create a migration file `docker exec -it ccm_web node -r ts-node/register server/migrator create --name my-migration.ts`. Generate a migration file called `<timestamp>.my-migration.ts` The timestamp prefix can be customized to be date-only or omitted, but be aware that it's strongly recommended to ensure your migrations are lexicographically sortable so it's easy for humans and tools to determine what order they should run in - so the default prefix is recommended.
    2. Running the migration are usually done when server is starting up, but in addition if you want to run migrations or revert use above commands
    3. Running migrations `dev/test/prod`
       1. For running the migrations in in dev/test/prod, `docker exec -it node ccm_web_prod server/migrator up` ; `docker exec -it node ccm_web_prod server/migrator down`.
       2. The reason for separate setup for running migration local and non-prod/prod is Locally we don't transpile Typescript to Java script and so we always use `ts-node/register` module for running in node envirorment.  

#### Troubleshooting

> 1. ***Error:***

Author: The error still happens in Prod mode running locally, I feel this could be handled in `docker-compose-prod.yml` So I will reworded the issue saying happens in prod. I will handle it in separate issue. Let me fiddle with `wait-for` [library](https://github.com/eficode/wait-for) and see the possibilities of making it work and open an issue and PR.

> 1. ***Error:***

Reviewer: Are you thinking that you would resolve this at the same time? https://github.com/tl-its-umich-edu/canvas-course-manager-next/pull/80#pullrequestreview-663522781

> 1. ***Error:***

Author: Yes
